Plugin banner feature (#756)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/plugins/development.md

```python
# banner.py
from django.utils.html import format_html

from nautobot.extras.choices import BannerClassChoices
from nautobot.extras.plugins import PluginBanner

def banner(context, *args, **kwargs):
    """Greet the user, if logged in."""
    # Request parameters can be accessed via context.request
    if not context.request.user.is_authenticated:
        # No banner if the user isn't logged in
        return None
    else:
        return PluginBanner(
            content=format_html("Hello, <strong>{}</strong>! 👋", context.request.user),
            banner_class=BannerClassChoices.CLASS_SUCCESS,
        )
```

### Navigation Menu Items

Plugins can modify the existing navigation bar layout by defining `menu_items` inside of `navigation.py`. Using the key and weight system, a developer can integrate the plugin amongst existing menu tabs, groups, items and buttons and/or create entirely new menus as desired.

> More documentation and examples can be found [here](../development/navigation-menu.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More documentation and examples can be found in the [Navigation Menu](../development/navigation-menu.md) guide.
```

### Home Page Content

Plugins can add content to the Nautobot home page by defining `layout` inside of `homepage.py`. Using the key and weight system, a developer can integrate the plugin content amongst existing panels, groups, and items and/or create entirely new panels as desired.

> More documentation and examples can be found [here](../development/homepage.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More documentation and examples can be found in the guide on [Home Page Panels](../development/homepage.md).
```
